nit: punctuation (#217)
haskell-infra/www.haskell.org: site/downloads.markdown

<div id="collapse-nixos" class="collapse">
<!-- This installation method is owned by @maralorn -->

> *For Nix the package manager on the distribution NixOS and other OS:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*[Nix] is the package manager for NixOS and can also be used on other Linux distros and macOS.*

[Nix]: https://nixos.org
```

@maralorn I like your suggestion for making the context a bit more explicit. If we're doing that, seems like it's worth linking to the Nix website and mentioning macOS explicitly.
